README.md, before:

# luk3yx's unofficial Minetest snap
This is my unofficial Minetest snap package, derived from the Minetest snap in the snappy playpen.

**NOTE**: The `snapcraft.yaml` here is now mostly copied from the
[official snap](https://github.com/snapcrafters/minetest).

## How to install
**Using sudo: (Ubuntu & Derivatives)**
~~~
$ sudo snap install minetest-luk3yx
~~~

**Using su:**
~~~
$ su -c 'snap install minetest-luk3yx'
~~~


Note: Make sure that snapd is installed before running the above commands.

## Unstable builds
You can find unstable builds [here](https://github.com/luk3yx/minetest-luk3yx-dev).

## FAQ
**What is a snap?**

Snaps are universal Linux packages.

**Where can I find a forum topic for this?**

You can find it [here](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=16088).

**How do I install snapd?**

Debian, Ubuntu, and Ubuntu derivatives:
~~~
sudo apt install snapd
~~~


OpenSuse:
~~~
sudo zypper addrepo http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/system:/snappy/openSUSE_Leap_42.2/ snappy
sudo zypper install snapd
~~~


Arch Linux:
~~~
sudo pacman -S snapd
sudo systemctl enable --now snapd.socket
~~~


More:
[https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install)

Credit to [https://snapcraft.io](https://snapcraft.io) for the resources shown in the FAQ.

Commit message:

Update launcher and (finally) add deprecation notice

README.md, after:

# luk3yx's unofficial Minetest snap
This is my unofficial Minetest snap package, derived from the Minetest snap in the snappy playpen.

# Deprecation

This snap is now deprecated, you should install the
[`minetest`](https://github.com/snapcrafters/minetest) snap instead. I will
probably continue to update it, however I will not guarantee that it will have
the latest version of Minetest.

**NOTE**: The `snapcraft.yaml` here is now mostly copied from the
[official snap](https://github.com/snapcrafters/minetest).

## How to install
**Using sudo: (Ubuntu & Derivatives)**
~~~
$ sudo snap install minetest-luk3yx
~~~

**Using su:**
~~~
$ su -c 'snap install minetest-luk3yx'
~~~


Note: Make sure that snapd is installed before running the above commands.

## Unstable builds
You can find unstable builds [here](https://github.com/luk3yx/minetest-luk3yx-dev).

## FAQ
**What is a snap?**

Snaps are universal Linux packages.

**Where can I find a forum topic for this?**

You can find it [here](https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=42&t=16088).

**How do I install snapd?**

Debian, Ubuntu, and Ubuntu derivatives:
~~~
sudo apt install snapd
~~~


OpenSuse:
~~~
sudo zypper addrepo http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/system:/snappy/openSUSE_Leap_42.2/ snappy
sudo zypper install snapd
~~~


Arch Linux:
~~~
sudo pacman -S snapd
sudo systemctl enable --now snapd.socket
~~~


More:
[https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install](https://snapcraft.io/docs/core/install)

Credit to [https://snapcraft.io](https://snapcraft.io) for the resources shown in the FAQ.
